All right.
So let's check out the simple solution for the challenge and it was to display the name last name and
then also the subject where the major of the student.
And then we needed to button so we can put them at the top we can put them at the bottom it doesn't
really matter.
But what we will do is first of all I'm going to get rid of all the elements and I will put them in
one by one again so I'm going to add a table widget and I'm going to add two buttons.
So first I have this push button and then I have another push button next to it.
So as you can see now suddenly I have this weird behavior and if I drag it out you can see very easy
Deemer push buttons.
They adjust automatically.
So that's the beauty of cute creator.
It does that for us automatically.
Now of course the text of those buttons should be changed.
So this one will be something like new entry or save button so it depends on what you prefer.
I would rather say that the left one should be a new entry and the right one should be safe because
that's normally what you would expect in the exercice where I gave it to you.
I said that the other way around.
So it's really not that important.
In which way you do it at least for this exercise.
But when you look at user interfaces of other software you usually have the save button more towards
the right hand side.
So we are just going to say new entry on the left hand side of the left button and there's going to
be safe.
OK now we of course can give them proper names as well.
So the push button to which is the save button should be called Save button and this new entry button
I'll give it.
Also a different name where I'm going to say new entry button so it's more descriptive and it is more
precise on what it actually does.
Then we have this table widget and I'm going to rename it.
I'm going to use college students table.
Now we also want to add some more entries in here for example more columns so we need one column which
will be the first name.
Then another column which would be the last name and a third column which will be the subject line right
now in terms of rows.
I'm just going to add some rows and rows you row and row one just so we have some rows for the basic
entries and this one will be John Doe.
And he's in for medic's major.
Then we have let's say Erica Fisher and she's a mathematics student.
OK you see that they are called new call them you call them you call them that will change as soon as
we press.
OK here we are.
And now what I don't like is that this last one here.
This last column is not going towards the end of the view or of our window.
So how do we fix that.
Well there was something called
horizontal Hetter stretch last section so I'm going to be dead.
And as you can see now my subject is moving along.
Now of course based on the width of your project that you have it could make sense to change also the
hether with.
So this one here had a default section size we could change to to let's say 100.
And that's not as much space maybe for long names.
It's not a good idea.
Maybe 120 is a little better.
So you can just play around with the values and see what works for you.
So if somebody has a super long name or a double name then maybe one fifth is actually better.
But then we should make the whole screen a little wider and stuff like that.
All right so that's it for now.
In the next video we are going to check out the next step.
So see you there.